# 2017-08-25 : Board meeting

Board members present (3/3) :

* Joost Schouppe
* Ben Abelshausen
* Jonathan BeliÃ«n

## Road mapping project
- now or never for software: by Sept. 8th we want to have a server running which takes input data and writes output. Jonathan will set up a server where Kay can do this. Joost will pass along the deadline. 
- there will be a more technical presentation on the project at Foss4g
- at the AIV Trefdag we want to be able to show more analysis; Jonathan and Joost will work on that together

## Funding portal 

* Jonathan explored Patreon, and it looks really intersting. Basically, you can set targets for a fixed montly income. If you make a certain amount, you promise to do something. Example (total budget mentioned):
- 50 euro a month: monthly meetup (use: train tickets for volunteers)
- 100 euro: 2 hackatons (pay a location, pay food and drinks, pay train tickets and such for volunteers)
- 150: 3 hackatons
- 400: one student open summer of code project
- 650: two students at open summer of code

The site also allows to give gifts to sponsors. Ideas :
    - goodies; t shirt if you sponsor and come to meetup (with Artisans Cartographes?)
    - logo on website
    
* Joost will ask Dries again about the Open Belgium crowdfunding platform.


## Foss4g.be
There are several interesting proposals, so we can probably fill an entire OSM track.
- Road mapping 
- Giacomo/Jo: PT_assistant + Jo: workshop on PT
- Julien: landuse (Virge?)
- Trage Wegen
- Anyways/mobility + itinero (Ben)

We've invited the Open Summer of code people; and both Joost & Jonathan are considering a proposal

Joost will suggest to the team that Dries might do a short introduction of Open Summer of Code


## Code of conduct

We talked about a code of conduct for OSM Belgium. This would help resolve conflicts in the community, if ever needed. It would apply to all OSM Be events and channels (twitter, meetup, riot), but exclude the talk-be mailing list since we don't consider we have authority over that. Though there is little explicit need for a CoC right now, having one in place helps a quick solution when something does go wrong.
