# 2018-01-09 Board Meeting Agenda

Board members present (online) (3/3) :

* Joost Schouppe
* Ben Abelshausen
* Jonathan BeliÃ«n

## Policy for Open Belgium (12 March 2018)

### ticketing: who gets community tickets?

- Do speakers get a ticket or not? THEY DO
- Promote the event, don't promote the tickets
- Max 10

### content: who do we invite, what do we propose ourselves?

- deadline for proposals? 14 januari
- send an invitation to propose a session to talk-be > DONE JOOST
- tweet and so on about it too
- osm track: we need to announce we have one and so on
- who do we chase?

    - Marc Gemis's network or his own work, Fietsersbond
    - Glenn GRB
    - Trage Wegen > todo Joost (Atlas thing) > JOOST ASKED
    - OSOC students (TODO Ben: contact brussels mobility teams)
    - les Juliens - landuse debate > todo Joost

- what do we propose ourselves?

     - state of OSMbe
     - road completion > dedicated booth > aks Dries
     - Jorieke/missing maps

## Activities

### SOTM'18 (Milan, Italy) 

- should we propose a session?
  - Road Completion
  - OSM Belgium: about what we do; > todo ask Benoit about best proposal

### OSCAL'18 (Tirana, Albania) 19/20-5

- Talk about "how to use official data to improve OSM" by Jonathan ?

### plan some Brussels meetups:  bi-monthly, plan

- 19/01 Brussels > todo (Jonathan) : announce
- 22/02 Hasselt
- 09/03 Brussels (Official meeting at BeCentral + Meetup at The Sister)
- ??/04: todo Joost: Brugge!

### plan some formal activities

- 27/2: road completion mapping workshop at BeCentral > todo Joost, mail Dries > JOOST ASKED
- proposal: road mapping mapper workshop, preferably in several places

## Other issues
   
### GRB import: 

- we need to start the import procedure 
- project page on OSM.be
- we need him to talk about it at Open Belgium :)
