# 2018-09-17 Board Meeting Agenda

Board members present (3/3) :

* Joost Schouppe
* Ben Abelshausen
* Jonathan BeliÃ«n

## Membership & newsletter GDPR-proofing

* send message explaining what we do and do not do with the data
* reminder that the membership list is public

## wegspotter case

* retag to fixme:highway
* throw at maproulette
* "too many wrong wegenregister roads, we removed them"

## Funding button

* see https://jbelien.github.io/website-osmbe/donate.html
* Jonathan will finish and publish
* no crowdfunding campaign for now, but we will announce this button

## Text for Belgian Chapter announcement:

* https://scalar.vector.im/etherpad/p/osmbecwg
* Ben takes the lead

## Access:

* general access management: start private GitLab account
* DNS management: DigitalOcean (managed by OpenKnowledge Belgium once we can pay for it)
* talk-be: board@osm.be

## Exporting slides.com: 

* Jonathan will convert to github repo (<https://github.com/osmbe/presentations>)
* Joost will pass the correct links

## Diary post about Belgian Community Building? 

* Joost will do it one day

## Evaluating SotM?

* Local Chapter meeting in the official program
* introductory session about OSM

## OSMbe tiles acceptable use; getting them in umap (be.umap?)

* describe current limits + rate limit + no guarantee + policy 
* whoever hosts can get mentioned on payed service

## Promoting Future Streets

* Jonathan will introduce his sister Julie (let's plan something with her in November)
* Joost will write something 

## Managing projects: 

* terminate trello : just let it die (RIP little trello)
* merge /projects and /community-planning  (done)

## Contact with Wikimedia

* let's set up a meetup; 13 nov evening or later

## Contact Red Cross: 

* just ask!

## Be in the board of okbe together.

* Ben is representing OSMBE in OKBE board
* See if Joost or Jonathan can "replace" Ben when he can't make it

## Code of conduct 

* meeting in the week of 13 nov
* agenda by half october!
* invite agenda items in first half october
* further defining what it means to be a member
* think about elections
* activate more members, and how?
