# 2018-11-08 Board Meeting Agenda

Board members present (3/3) :

* Joost Schouppe
* Ben Abelshausen
* Jonathan BeliÃ«n

## Rode Kruis

- Fill in doodle
- Joost sends message to Rode Kruis, ask if it makes sense to invite Jo/Pieter

## Mapbox & Road completion

- Joost sends a message that interview is OK

## GRB

- Suggest putting code on osmbe github

## Pre-official-meeting-meeting

- Digital voting on changing the constitution to make it more practical
  - CoC
  - Membership changes

- Membership classes?
    - Core/Voting member
      - has voting right
      - need to go to (digital) meeting
      - need to be involved !
      - can't be anonymous
      - list displayed on https://members.osm.be
      - username is optional
      - can't normally be refused
      - can speak in the name of OSM-be (with community@osm.be in CC)
    - (Supporting) Member
      - can't be anonymous
      - list displayed on https://members.osm.be
      - username is optional
    - **NO** "Private" / anonymous member (non disclosure of name and location)

## Separate official meeting (members only ?) and meetup ?

- Official meeting at BeCentral (announce more clearly the location)
- Taking care of drinks if at BeCentral
