# OSMBE OFFICIAL MEETING

(Note taken via <https://pads.ccc.de/ftU825SRMg>)

**Attending:** Joost Schouppe, Ben Abelshausen, Jonathan BeliÃ«n, Seppe Santens, Tim Couwelier, Marc Gemis, Julien Minet, Pieter Fiers 

*Meeting opened at 18:36 by Joost Schouppe*

## KEY AGENDA POINTS

### Ratifying the reduction in membership

Membership was reduced from the open online form by responding to the message we sent everyone. The membership was reduced from 200 to 20.

Accepted unanimously.

### Board election

The board requests people to join, no members candidates. Suggested was to setup a board primer. The board puts it's candidacy forward again and is accepted by the membership.

### What do you expect from OSM-BE?

- Yearly report + More communication about the "result" of our meetings (Pieter)
    - https://github.com/osmbe/working-group-bylaws/tree/master/minutes
    - The meeting minutes are always published to Github (maybe the OSM wiki?)

- Restructure WikiProject Belgium (Julien)
    - Translation
    - Move some things to osm.be ?
    - http://osm.be/projects => integrate with this page

- Press releases (mapathons, achievements, ...) ? (Julien)

- Printed materials (leaflet, ...) ? (Pierre)

- osm.org website not completely what we want.
    - osm.be : "proof of concept" of what osm.org could be ?
    - reach out to other local chapters for a more founded statement.

- improve the welcome message with mentorship.

- we want more cameras!!!

### New membership management & possible by-law change

- Do some outreach.
- Sending the email is fine for now.
- Don't neglect the mailinglist, most people who signed up are interested in that (there are 870 people there (!)).
    - ACTION: is there someone willing to take over
    - => Jullien is willing to help out, joost is going to introduce
    - Pieter too
    - Create a public board on GitHub to allow people to propose subjects for the newsletter
- Organize a meeting to discuss the OSMF elections if people are a candidate.
- dual subscription issue : subcribe to osm-be makes you member of OSMF
    - we have to raise this issue in the local chapters & community working group
- We can keep the current bylaws for now, we can make more changes later.
- we need to have an official meeting per year should be in the bylaws.
- we need to have a written down board meeting organization.
- we need to add the concept of proxy votes.
- If we want to make a change in the bylaws, use a Pull Request on Github!
- Enable proxy system

### Meetings/Meetups/Mapathons/Workshops 2020 (Jonathan)

- 4 mapathons in 2020 (at MSF but not necessarily for MSF): define the dates
- A meetup every 2 months ?
- workshops?
- Open Belgium (6th of March) + Community Day (7th of March) (Hasselt)
    - Hackathon ?
    - Mapathon ?

### Do we make community@osm.be a "advisory board" ? (Tim)

- Does the community@osm.be have to be OSMBE members ? (Jonathan) - NO (but we can remove the "non active" recipient)
- Minimum rules should be defined
    - discussion of details of the message is in the community room on riot only
    - answers should be reply-to-all
    - do not copy a conversation to other people without permission
    - Create a project board on GitHub to organize the things to map coming from the municipalities, ...

*Meeting adjourned at 20:09*
